Lion Knights and Goldenleaf Elves begin to fight!
Lion Knights has 3 units...
George - Man Basic (level 1) wearing Gambison and wielding Infantry Sword
Henrik - Man Basic (level 1) wearing Gambison and wielding Infantry Sword
Will - Man Knight (level 1) wearing Plate Armor and wielding Infantry Sword
Goldenleaf Elves has 3 units...
Kelawill - Elf Basic (level 1) wearing Elf Weave and wielding Elf Blade
Forlandin - Elf Basic (level 1) wearing Elf Weave and wielding Elf Blade
Urthalen - Elf Auramancer (level 1) wearing Enchanted Wizard Robes and wielding None
The battle begins!
Urthalen of Goldenleaf Elves now attacks George of Lion Knights.
Urthalen rolls a 4 to attack George.
George rolls a 13 to defend against Urthalen.
George of Lion Knights now has 78 health remaining.
Kelawill of Goldenleaf Elves now attacks George of Lion Knights.
Kelawill rolls a 9 to attack George.
George rolls a 11 to defend against Kelawill.
George of Lion Knights now has 21 health remaining.
Forlandin of Goldenleaf Elves now attacks Will of Lion Knights.
Forlandin rolls a 11 to attack Will.
Will rolls a 5 to defend against Forlandin.
Will of Lion Knights now has 41 health remaining.
George of Lion Knights now attacks Urthalen of Goldenleaf Elves.
George rolls a 1 to attack Urthalen.
Urthalen rolls a 16 to defend against George.
Urthalen of Goldenleaf Elves now has 19 health remaining.
Henrik of Lion Knights now attacks Kelawill of Goldenleaf Elves.
Henrik rolls a 7 to attack Kelawill.
Kelawill rolls a 10 to defend against Henrik.
Kelawill of Goldenleaf Elves now has 13 health remaining.
Will of Lion Knights now attacks Kelawill of Goldenleaf Elves.
Will rolls a 15 to attack Kelawill.
Kelawill rolls a 12 to defend against Will.
Kelawill of Goldenleaf Elves now has 0 health remaining.
Kelawill of Goldenleaf Elves has been defeated!
Urthalen of Goldenleaf Elves now attacks George of Lion Knights.
Urthalen rolls a 9 to attack George.
George rolls a 2 to defend against Urthalen.
George of Lion Knights now has 0 health remaining.
George of Lion Knights has been defeated!
Forlandin of Goldenleaf Elves now attacks Will of Lion Knights.
Forlandin rolls a 14 to attack Will.
Will rolls a 7 to defend against Forlandin.
Will of Lion Knights now has 0 health remaining.
Will of Lion Knights has been defeated!
George of Lion Knights now attacks Forlandin of Goldenleaf Elves.
George rolls a 5 to attack Forlandin.
Forlandin rolls a 3 to defend against George.
Forlandin of Goldenleaf Elves now has 15 health remaining.
Henrik of Lion Knights now attacks Urthalen of Goldenleaf Elves.
Henrik rolls a 10 to attack Urthalen.
Urthalen rolls a 7 to defend against Henrik.
Urthalen of Goldenleaf Elves now has 0 health remaining.
Urthalen of Goldenleaf Elves has been defeated!
Will of Lion Knights now attacks Forlandin of Goldenleaf Elves.
Will rolls a 16 to attack Forlandin.
Forlandin rolls a 10 to defend against Will.
Forlandin of Goldenleaf Elves now has 0 health remaining.
Forlandin of Goldenleaf Elves has been defeated!
The battle is over!
